Devops 6 principles: 
* Don't repeat yourself
* Infrastructure as a code
* Configuration management
* High availability
* Customers first
* Share responsibility

Core principle:
-> Infrastructure as a code:
	Infrastructure as code falls into 5 categories:
		Custom Scripts
		Configuration Management Software
		Server templating
		Orchestration
		Provisioning
-> Configuration Management:
	*Configuration Management Tools: 
		Chef
		Saltstack
		Ansible
-> 


Software Development Lifecycle
	The waterfall model
	The v-model
	The spiral model
	The agile model
CAMS -> Culture, Automation, Measurement and Sharing

CI/CD Key terms:
	Pipeline: A set of data processing elements connected in series, where the output of one element is the input of the next one.
	Continuous Integration: The practice of merging all developers' working copies to a shared mainline several times a day.
	Continuous Delivery: An engineering practice in which teams produce and release value in short cycles.
	Continuous Deployment: A software engineering approach in which the value is delivered frequently through automated deployments.
	Infrastructure as Code: The management of infrastructure using code.
	Provisioning: The process of setting up IT infrastructure.
	Artifact: A product of some process applied to the code repository.
	DevOps: A set of practices that works to automate and integrate the processes between software development and IT teams.
	Testing: A practice that seeks to ensure the quality of the software.

8 Principles of Continuous Delivery
	Repeatable Reliable Process
	Automate Everything
	Version Control Everything
	Bring the Pain Forward
	Build-in Quality
	"Done" Means Released
	Everyone is Responsible
	Continuous Improvement

Monitering tools:
	Nagios(opens in a new tab) and Zabbix(opens in a new tab) - comprehensive solutions for monitoring large infrastructure, but maybe too big and complex for small projects.
	Graphite(opens in a new tab) - Opensource database and a graphing solution for storing and displaying monitoring data.
	InfluxDB(opens in a new tab) - an open-source distributed time series database for metrics, events, and analytics.
	StatsD(opens in a new tab) - Simple daemon for easy stats aggregation, by Etsy. Read about the philosophy behind it in the article by it's creators - Measure Anything, Measure Everything(opens in a new tab)
	Grafana(opens in a new tab) - metrics dashboard and graph editor for Graphite and InfluxDB
	PagerDuty(opens in a new tab) - incident resolution lifecycle management platform that integrates with over 100 other systems to streamline the process for large organisations.
	Logstash(opens in a new tab) - log storage and search system, works well with - Kibana(opens in a new tab) graphing and visualisation software.